# CS-330-11088-M01-Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization-2024-C-4-Jul---Aug-

<h3>How do I approach designing software?</h3>
<p>I try to first understand what the goal is for the software. Once I've got my plan laid out, then I start examining the base code, what is it already doing? Once I have an understanding of both what I need to do and what I already have. From here I start working in increments, adding in a little bit of code at a time, saving, and running, to see how what I am doing is affecting the program.</p>
<h3>What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?</h3>
<p>I learned a lot about debugging and problem solving. I was struggling a lot with the textures, so I was working on this aspect for a long time, just trying different things and trying to see what would change. Ultimately I learned that the issue was stemming from the images themselves, not the code. Regardless, I understand the warnings and error list better now, and I can better identify what is going wrong.</p>
<h3>What design process did you follow for your project work?</h3>
<p>I wouldn't say I necessarily followed a particular process, past just trying to accomplish the work for each assignment. I would read through the resources and make my attempt, then if I failed I would try to figure out what went wrong, and if I couldn't figure it out I would reach out for help, or try to find message boards like StackOverflow to see if other people have struggled with the same things.</p>
<h3>How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?</h3>
<p>I think my approach, try, try again, then ask for help, is expected. In my current role I am self-employed, and in my training they really emphasize doing as much as possible on my own and only reach out for assistance when you have no other option. We are at the point where I can't jsut hop into a wuick tutoring session anymore, so I really ahve to learn how to be self-sufficient. I even use ChatGPT to help me figure out what's going wrong sometimes, because it can be really helpful to paste in my function or error code and say "can you explain to me why this isn't working?", then I get a long and detailed response. It's not always correct, I know, but it can help point me in the right direction. I have learned about how to troubleshoot within VS and Eclipse, just by asking ChatGPT "why isn't my code running?"</p>
<h3>How do I approach developing programs?</h3>
<p>I start by understanding what I need to do and coming up with a sort of design and plan. From here I try to implement according to my plan, and I try to debug as I go, but I always end up doing a lot at the end anyway.</p>
<h3>What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?</h3>
<p>I don't know that I used new strategies, aside from applying new things I've learned.</p>
<h3>How did iteration factor into your development?</h3>
<p>To me, the entire process is iterative. I go through the design, then implement, then debug, then editing, then testing, phases over and over. The design is tweaked as the process goes on, I test and debug as I go, then sometimes I have to pause implementing to correct mistakes, and so on. The entire process consists of a million little cycles which all add up to one nice little program.</p>
<h3>How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?</h3>
<p>I won't lie, in these recent classes it has been getting harder, and sometimes I am easily discouraged. It is so frustrating to feel like I'm so far behind what's expected of me, but over the course of this class I have sort of learned some things. I learned that sometimes its okay to turn in my work even if I am not 100% pleased with it. Its okay to stop and walk away for a bit when I am feeling frustrated. Its okay to feel like I'm falling behind, if I make sure to do something about it. And, as long as I have a way to figure out what's going wrong, then I can be one step closer to solving the problem. I may not always understand the error codes, but I can ask or look it up, and from there I can figure out what to do.</p>
<h3>How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?</h3>
<p>Programming will help me be able to make games, which is my goal. More than just this though, going through these classes is helping me learn discipline and problem solving.</p>
<h3>How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?</h3>
<p>I was able to get more practice with C++, and I learned how to use and navigate Visual Studio. I'm used to Eclipse, because all my other classes used it, but I don't like it very much. At first I didn't like VS, because I didn't understand it, but now I am more comfortable with it, and I prefer it to Eclipse. Understanding how to troubleshoot in both will help me solve problems faster in my future classes!</p>
<h3>How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?</h3>
<p>Learning how to be comfortable in the different platforms, and how to problem solve and debug more efficiently, and how to make more complex programs, will help me be successful and take ownership of my work in my career.</p>
